- DC Diane fry?
- Welcome to edendale.
You've met DC Ben Cooper.
Sickeningly overqualified.
and yet she willingly swaps
the bright lights of Leeds for edendale.
Yeah. but why?
Joe Cooper was found
beside his car. beaten to death.
It's been five years. and
we're still no closer to solving it.
And I feel like I'm letting him down.
All you need to know is I
was seeing a guy in Leeds.
It got messy. I moved here. The end.
Sorry. dad. I'm gonna have to stop.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
It's times like these
they expect us to buckle.
to fall. to give in.
But that ain't the way of the border rats.
Ain't the way of withens neither.
Never will be.
They think they can bully us.
They think they can push us around.
They think we won't
stand up for ourselves.
There couldn't be more wrong.
We're in a fight.
A war.
Not only to save a village.
but to honour the past
and protect our future.
And I'm here to tell you
that if and when firth
water come for us...
Or anyone else for that matter.
then we'll unleash the rats.
and they'll chew the flesh from anyone...
Anyone that dares challenge us.
Hal Wes thu. folde. fira modor!
And if we go down...
We go down fighting.
Fira modor!
Hal Wes thu. folde. fira modor!
Just give us a call back.
Ben. Ben!
- What?
- The water's cold in the shower.
And?
- Well. I need it hot.
- Have you let it run a bit?
Yeah.
Come on. Quickly.
cos I need to go to work.
All right. Ok. It's the... it's the boiler.
The pressure's gone. It
does it all the time. I'll sort it.
- How long's it gonna take?
- Give me a minute.
I made breakfast. Help yourself.
I'm actually a coffee-and-go girl.
Should've asked. Hang
on a sec. Before I forget.
Keys to the kingdom. Don't lose them.
It's hitchens. Duty calls.
Ok. What do we have here?
- Who's that behind us?
- Someone's in a rush.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Here you are. mate.
- Whoa! You're going too fast.
- Oi!
Slow down. mate.
Hey. stop!
- Stop. stop!
- Stop! Whoa!
What are you playing at? You
nearly drove into a crime scene.
I did? I didn't realise.
What. you didn't see
the police or the tape?
- What's your name?
- I'll just turn around.
No. no. name. please.
It's hebden. Michael hebden.
What are you doing
up here. mr hebden?
I'm on my way home from
work. I thought I'd take a shortcut.
Where do you work. Michael?
- What does that matter?
- Just answer the question.
U-Up at firth water. the
water company at hope valley.
What's going on up here?
I'll tell you what's going on.
You're gonna turn around.
and you're gonna use the
road like a normal person.
Go on. Go on.
Is he kidding?
Listen. you're out in
the sticks now. Diane.
Roads are just a suggestion.
She always gets here before
us. How does she even do it?
I don't know.
Dr Taylor.
Hello.
A dog Walker found
him about an hour ago.
Any ID?
Cheers.
Neil good win. 23 years old. withens.
Time of death?
As usual. the best I can
offer is a rough estimate.
Judging from the pallor and rig our.
I'm pretty sure he's been here all night.
Any murder weapon?
But whatever it was. it was
hard enough to shatter his skull.
Michael hebden. You keep
firth water out of withens.
This is Neil's house.
He's obviously a very passionate man.
- Clearly not a fan of firth water.
- The door's open.
Hello?
- Hello?
- Whoa. whoa.
Round the back. Round the back.
Stop! Police!
Stop!
Police!
Right. do you wanna tell me
why a vicar is running
from the police. pal?
- What are you playing at?
- I'm sorry.
I'm Derek alton. I'm the
reverend at st asaph's.
What are you doing in
Neil goodwin's house?
I thought I saw someone in here.
I'm sorry I ran. You startled me.
You didn't think it was Neil?
Well. his car's not outside.
so I got a bit worried.
Sorry. but. er. has something happened?
I'm afraid Neil was
found dead this morning.
What?
I-I only saw him yesterday.
How? I mean. that can't be right.
Well. unfortunately. it's true.
Did you know Neil well. mr alton?
No. Not especially.
But you saw him yesterday.
What time was that?
Maybe around 4pm.
I had an online meeting with
my previous parish. and. er...
Well. Neil. he popped in to say
he had to nip off to see someone.
- Popped in from where?
- The church grounds.
He had recently started
working as the caretaker.
He came highly recommended.
Always happy to help. apparently.
He didn't mention who he
was going to see. did he?
Er. no. Not to me. he didn't. Sorry.
May I go now. please?
This is quite a lot to process.
Thank you for your help.
If we have any more
questions. we'll be in touch.
Derek.
Lucas. what are you doing here?
I was looking for Neil. Is he about?
This is Lucas oxley.
a neighbour of Neil's.
You're not gonna believe
this. but... Neil has...
I'm afraid Neil's body was
discovered this morning.
Really?
I was only talking to him yesterday.
- When were this?
- Early evening.
Could you be a bit more specific?
Do I know you?
Not to my knowledge. no.
It was around six.
I was outside the pub having a smoke.
- What pub?
- Only one pub around here.
The fatted calf.
Neil and I had a chat. I went back inside.
Did he say where he was going to next?
I didn't ask.
You should do a remembrance for
him. seeing as much as we all liked him.
What was wrong with him? Did
you see how he were looking at you?
I don't know what that was all about.
- Should we have a look around?
- Yeah. Let's.
- Is that what I think is?
- A well?
Got it in one. Let's have a look.
Bit random.
Why would someone
have a well in their garden?
Well. you never know until you look.
- Can't see anything.
- No. There's nothing.
Worth a try.
Let's take a proper
look inside Neil's house.
Quality stuff. this.
Know about antiques?
Every Sunday night. I
had a bath. a jam butty.
and the antiques roadshow without fail.
Thought all kids grew up with that.
- Take a look at this.
- Thank you.
What are these?
Whoa! Look at these.
Looks like Neil was being blackmailed.
"Repent or die." "Judgement is coming."
"The rats will eat you alive."
"Death is watching you."
The hell is that?
Neil good win. 23 years of age.
died from blunt force trauma to the head.
He was last seen alive outside
the fatted calf pub in withens
yesterday about 6pm.
Two hours later. he was
found dead in a local quarry.
And what we need to do is
account for those two hours.
Tracy. can you see where that
lettering might have come from?
Yeah. yeah. Will do. sir.
Ben. Diane. you spoke
with Derek alton. the vicar?
Yeah. He was a bit skittish. wasn't he?
My bad.
Er. we also saw someone
dressed up like a rat-like creature
with a weird mask on.
- Yeah. A rat.
- Rat?
- A rat?
- Yeah. Yeah.
And whoever it was. whatever it was.
was stood directly outside Neil's house.
and then just disappeared into thin air.
Listen. can we put that
on hold for a moment?
Is no-one gonna ask me
why I'm a few minutes late?
Why are you a few minutes late?
Yeah. Thanks. Er. I've been
digging up some old case files. and...
Seriously? Everybody
forgotten Emma runshaw?
Anyone gonna fill me in?
It's your case. Todd.
All right.
Emma runshaw. Only daughter
of Howard and Sarah runshaw.
Five years ago. she was going to
see her boyfriend in Birmingham.
Never arrived. Disappeared en route.
Now have a little guess
who her boyfriend was.
Neil good win?
Bingo.
Anyway. last sighting of
Emma was in a tiny Hamlet
in between edendale and Birmingham.
No witnesses. no cctv.
her phone were dead.
and her parents are convinced
it's all down to Neil good win.
You two are definitely
going back to withens.
You're going to pay the runshaws a visit.
Mate. Mate. don't forget tonight
we're paying due reverence. yeah?
Yes.
What's that about?
Well. on this very day back in 1972.
derby county won what
was the old first division.
It's a big deal.
Upgrade offer.
- Mrs runshaw.
- Yes.
DC Ben Cooper. This is DC fry.
Can we come in and
have a chat. please?
Yes. Come in.
- Thank you.
- I knew you'd be round.
I said to Howard.
I said our's will be the
first door they knock on.
I mean. when we found
out Neil was murdered.
Mrs runshaw. can we ask
where you was yesterday evening?
Sat in watching the box with Howard.
Is your husband around?
Upstairs.
Can you shout him down?
Howard!
Police are here.
They think we've done
away with Neil good win.
Sorry. Just getting things
ready for Emma day.
We like to commemorate her
each year since she's gone missing.
We're putting her photos and
artwork on display in the local church
so the village can remember her.
Be like she's never been away.
We were just establishing
your whereabouts
last night. mr runshaw.
- I told him we were watching telly.
- Which we were.
Right.
Can you tell us when either
of you last saw Neil good win?
- Can't remember. Sarah?
- Don't ask me.
We avoided him like the plague.
You still blame him
for the disappearance
of Emma five years later?
It was him. all right. Make no mistake.
Well. according to our records.
he had a solid alibi the
day Emma disappeared.
That was a pack of
lies. He took her from us.
No doubt there's a reason
you're saying that. mrs runshaw.
He was controlling Emma.
By the time we realised. it was too late.
We challenged him.
but she just vanished.
He's had her holed up
somewhere all to himself. I know it.
But Neil came back to withens to live.
And I begged and begged
him to tell us where she was.
She just said that you both
avoided him like the plague.
So which one is it?
Got a smart one here.
Sarah. Better watch our step.
All Neil ever said to us
was that we should forget
about Emma and move on.
If you knew what I went through
bringing her into this world...
I almost died giving birth.
But I fought with all I had
because I was going to be her mum.
And he thought we should just move on.
Listen. let's park Emma for now.
She's not the reason we came here.
Well. you're the ones bringing her up.
It's like you lot have
forgotten all about her.
No-one calls us. There
are no updates. Nothing.
Ok. like my colleague said...
Five years. and we're no
closer to getting her back.
We're dying with this
ruddy great hole in our lives.
If there's time. I'll try and follow it up.
I'm not making any promises.
but can we get back to
talking about Neil. please?
Did you hear that. love?
She's gonna find Emma.
No. I never said that.
Take these.
Get to know our beautiful daughter.
Then you'll see why Neil
wanted her all to himself.
Right. Neil goodwin's life in a nutshell.
We've got bank statements. letters. bills.
I mean. you name it.
- Thank you.
- All right.
Soco will have been through that.
Yeah. but I haven't.
What are they? Emma
runshaw's diaries?
Yeah.
- Howard runshaw gave me them.
- Yeah. I know. Waste of time.
Nothing but the cliched agonies
of every teenager you've ever met.
I've done a bit of a deep dive on Neil.
So. it appears like he never
had. like. a full-time job.
but did lots of cash-in-hand work.
Nearest and dearest?
Yeah. Both parents killed in a car crash.
He inherited the house. And his brother...
He emigrated to New Zealand.
Any previous?
Yeah. It was a public
order in Birmingham.
Outside a nightclub. Eastside.
But. I mean. other than
that. he appears like an angel.
Where did he stay in brum?
- Tupton Lane.
- Yeah. I went there.
I was seeing if Emma was
beneath the floorboards.
Anything to get the
stupid parents off my back.
- Any sign of his phone?
- No.
No. service provider
reckons it's switched off.
but they're gonna
send over. like. call data
and last cell site when they have it.
- What about his car?
- Er. no. No sign of that either.
Well. guys. we are going to
broaden the search tomorrow.
Odds are we find the car.
we find the phone. Ben.
Derby time. Let's go.
Duty calls.
- See you tomorrow.
- See ya.
Thought you were told to ignore them.
Yeah. but looks like
I'm home alone tonight.
- so what else am I gonna do?
- Right. Night. night.
What is that? What is that?
You've got to commit to the song.
- Shut up a second. mate.
- Go on.
Tell me this. right?
What's it like with the new flatmate?
Here we go. Er. no.
Yeah. it's. er... Yeah.
it's fine. No problems.
No. No.
I want to know what she's
like outside of office hours.
outside of those suits that
she wears. I wanna know.
I can't tell you what she's like
cos she's only just arrived there.
so I can't give you any specifics.
Say it. right. like you wanna
bring a girl back home.
or you wanna watch the football or...
No. no. no. right? Say it...
Say you want to walk
around in your pants. right?
Right. the one thing that I've always said
that I will never give up is my freedom.
My right to be me.
God-given right. yeah?
And I follow that to the
letter. To... to the letter. Ben.
Otherwise. look. you'll never live.
It's not that deep. It's not that deep.
Anyway. I've got a housemate.
not an incurable disease.
You know what I mean?
Well. I bloody hope not
because I've been sipping
from your pint when
you've been looking away.
Well. I've been spitting in yours. pal.-.
Mum. are you here?!
Mum. I've brought you dinner!
Mother!
No need to shout. love.
I could smell you upstairs.
- Hello.
- Hello. love.
And it's way too late for dinner.
So...
- What are you really doing here?
- Straight to the point.
You should have been a copper. mum.
No. actually. there is
something I want to ask you.
Cos if anyone would
know. it would be you.
So. what do you know about
rat-like figures in withens?
I think you're talking about
Satan's version of Morris dancers.
Call themselves the border rats.
Yeah. that's...
Why do they dress like that?
Well. it were to do with the workers
who died at the quarry at withens.
It collapsed in the 1880s.
Hundreds of them died.
and they were all found
with their fingers and
toes and faces chewed
and even bitten clean off by rats.
- Wow.
- Yeah.
- They ate the workers?
- More than ate them.
They absorbed them.
That company didn't
care how many men died.
just as long as their
quarry could work overtime.
So the story is that the
border rats were formed
to protect withens from then on.
"Beware the rats. they will eat you alive."
What was that?
Nothing. It's just a message I read.
Ben. be careful.
When the border rats feast.
they eat both body and soul.
So. the phone was found in the brambles
on the path up to mam Tor.
Now. we're still waiting
for forensics on the blood.
but fingerprints have confirmed
that it is in fact Neil goodwin's phone.
Now. it looks like Neil's
killer grabbed the phone
and dumped it miles away.
So cctv. traffic cams. usual.
whatever they throw up.
- Yes. Tracy?
- Yeah.
I've looked into the lettering
found on the threat sent to Neil.
and it looks like it's
been cut out of a Bible.
We don't know which version
yet. but forensics are on it.
Ok. Ben?
Ben?!
Anything on the vicar?
Er. still digging into it. sir.
Keep looking. Maybe next
year. stick to the shandy.
Here you go. Made
it extra strong for you.
Cheers.
Right. I. er... I spoke with my mum.
That thing we saw yesterday.
apparently it's called a border rat.
It's like a Morris dancer
but a bit more vicious.
- What?
- I wanted to say this before.
I promise I...
I wasn't prying or snooping around. but...
I came across the stuff you
have on your dad's murder case.
I-I were just looking
for a pen. and then I...
It's all right. It's all right.
It led nowhere. so I boxed it all away.
Don't that stuff belong here. on file?
I'll just find a second. I'll put it all back.
No-one's gonna know. are they?
Before you do. I... I could take a look.
- Fresh eyes...?
- No.
No need. I'm done with it. honest.
Thank you.
Right.
Derek alton. let's get to
know you properly. shall we?
There he is in his old parish.
Nice church.
So. why did you transfer to withens?
Ben. you are thinking out loud.
Hang on.
St moden's is his old church.
and that's in Birmingham eastside.
Didn't somebody mention
Birmingham eastside. right?
Yeah. Tracy said Neil used to live
there when he was in Birmingham.
Yeah. That's it. that's it.
So. maybe him and alton
knew each other from before?
No. he said he. er... He barely knew Neil.
No. but we found him in Neil's home.
You don't believe that burglar
crap he came up with. do you?
I'm gonna go pay him a visit.
- See you in a bit.
- Bye.
That'd block the altar.
I thought we could do it off to one side.
We want her front and centre.
Excuse me.
- You got news on him already?
- What have you found?
I'm actually here to see reverend alton.
Sorry.
Reverend. could I have
a word in private. please?
Yes. Of course.
- This way.
- Thank you.
I just wanted to chat to you about your...
Your last church. st moden's.
I'm ok sitting here. aren't I?
Er. yes. Of course.
What's that got to do with anything?
Did you know Neil lived in
eastside while you were over there?
No. not at all.
Never came up between
the two of youse?
- No.
- That's weird.
Never mentioned?
He never asked you
where you transferred from?
Never told you that he
shared a flat in eastside?
We barely spoke.
I just thought he might have
said something in passing.
It's... strange. I think.
He worked outside.
clearing the graveyard.
I thought you would have
bumped into him a bit.
Maybe had a chat about the past.
I had no reason to go out there.
And I've been too busy
here with the church.
Fair enough.
I saw a picture of your
old church. Very nice.
And all this feels...
Kind of like a demotion.
Well. a house of god is a
house of god wherever you go.
That's a nice Bible.
I couldn't have a look at that. could I?
Sorry. but I've had a few stolen recently.
What I mean is people
forget they've got them.
and then they take them home.
I'm trying to hang on to the ones I've got.
Bible thieves. 'ey?
You can give me some names
of potential suspects if you like.
I'd better get back to the runshaws.
Fair enough. I'll have a look
round. and then I'll be on my way.
Yeah. Thank you.
Why would you need to do that?
You see. my old man was a copper. too.
And he said to me. "make
sure you follow every path."
I'll let myself out.
Thank you.
Sarge.
- What?
- Take a look at this.
Looks like Neil was
about to have a big payday.
- You come to repent?
- Neil was selling to firth water.
It says Neil was selling his
house and moving out of withens.
How's that work?
He's got a bloody great big
protest sign in his garden.
Firth water must have
convinced him to sell.
That's where Michael hebden worked.
- Nice recall.
- Thank you.
- Shall we pay him a visit?
- Yeah. Let's do it.
I'll see you down there.
Yeah. Neil was selling up.
I managed to talk him
into it just over a week ago.
Firth water were delighted.
So. what about all the
signs in Neil's garden?
Cos he was quite
clearly against firth water.
Well. Neil and I decided to
keep the sale between ourselves
in case there were any recriminations.
What sort of recriminations?
Well. you must have felt
the anger around here.
The village would be up in arms.
They hate my guts as it is.
So. what. they'd go after Neil?
No. Well. he made
sure that they wouldn't.
The minute the money
was in Neil's bank.
he was gonna pack up
and get the hell away.
Mr hebden. what exactly
were firth water's plans?
They're going to buy up
withens and then flatten it.
There'll be a huge water
refinery here instead.
and hundreds of jobs will be created.
It's a good thing.
- But wouldn't you lose your home?
- I couldn't care less.
As soon as they make me an offer.
I'm taking firth water's
coin and getting the hell out.
Don't look like the rest of the village
- is selling up anytime soon.
- They will.
The minute they hear that Neil's
house has been snapped up.
it'll be like dominoes.
All it takes is one person
to throw in the towel.
and the rest will follow. guaranteed.
Why did you seek out Neil in particular?
Well. that's because
of the well in his garden.
It's like a natural gateway
to the underground Springs.
Getting that means that firth
have got withens by
the balls. so to speak.
It's all just a matter of time now.
Do you think there's a chance
that someone could have found out
about Neil's plans?
Cos he was getting death threats.
God. I... I never even considered that.
Can you think of anyone
that would threaten him?
Well. I don't know if I should say.
I mean. if that's what got
Neil killed... Mr hebden.
This didn't come from me.
But if anyone was sending
threats. it would be Lucas oxley.
That's the guy we met
outside Neil's house.
Well. was there any animosity
between Neil and Lucas oxley?
It's Lucas oxley.
There's always gonna be animosity.
So. Lucas oxley.
Yeah. My dad arrested his
son. Rowan. he was called.
That's probably why he
was looking at me like that -
saw some resemblance.
He was into everything.
Robbery. gbh. handling stolen goods.
You name it. they were doing it.
It was actually his wife. Lily. who
gave my dad a tip-off about him.
Apparently. he was always cheating
on her. so she'd had enough of him.
Word was. she fled to wales.
but my dad never believed it.
He looked into it but
never found anything.
You know what? I have to
say... I think I'm with hebden.
I would take first offer.
and I would run with it.
Yeah. No. but this... This is their home.
You know what I mean?
Once these villages go.
they're gone forever. aren't they?
And for what? A bottle
of water in a supermarket.
If I lived here. I'd fight as well.
And kill?
It's looking like it. innit?
Oxley finds out that Neil's selling up.
starts with the threats. it doesn't work.
so he escalates. takes it to the next level
to set an example for anyone
else thinking of selling up.
Best get this.
Hiya. DC fry.
Yeah.
Thank you. No. I
appreciate it. Thank you.
Bye.
That was the hospital
cos I asked them to dig out
Emma runshaw's medical records.
The diaries were pretty
much as sarge said they were.
until I noticed "brave girl"
stickers on some of the pages.
Like the type you get when
you go to the dentist as a kid?
Yep. Or the hospital.
And now it's worked
out that for every sticker.
it matches up with a hospital visit.
Now. it was a lot of visits.
Emma was in and out of casualty
right up until the time she disappeared.
Maybe we should pay
the runshaws another visit.
- Howard's still over at church.
- That's ok.
We can do this with you. mrs runshaw.
Well. how can I help you now?
We're concerned with
the unusually high number
of hospital visits Emma
had over the years.
That's what you get for being a tomboy.
doing all the daft things that boys do.
Even at two years old?
Cos the hospital told me that
was the first time she was admitted.
That's cos she had that illness.
What's it called when you
keep bumping into things?
Dyspraxia.
Howard's right. You are a bright one.
The first time it happened.
we gave her a Dolly.
and it turned out to be a big mistake.
Why's that?
Well. it became a thing.
She knew she'd get a Dolly
every time she went to hospital.
You know what kids are like.
Was Emma leaving
home. mrs runshaw?
Whatever would make you think that?
Well. in our case notes. it said
that Emma left with a suitcase.
I mean. why would she do that
if she was just visiting
Neil for t'weekend?
Because that snake Neil told her to.
He was controlling her. we told you.
He told her to pack her suitcase.
he told her to get on the bus.
and he told her he'd be waiting for her.
waiting to take our
precious daughter away.
Neil had an alibi for
when Emma disappeared.
and yet you maintain he took her.
It don't make sense.
It was a made-up alibi.
Why won't you listen?!
That phone that was found at mam Tor.
turns out it's not
registered to Neil good win.
so call me when you get this. all right?
Ooh.
- Do you wanna slow down. man?
- Sorry. mate.
Right. So. what are we thinking?
Let's say the runshaws did
do something to Emma. right?
Somehow Neil finds out.
and they know that Neil knows.
So. what? They... They do
something to shut him up?
It's something we definitely
have to follow up on.
Yeah.
- Do you want a coffee?
- No. I'm ok. Thank you.
All right.
- Who's that little fella?
- It's nothing.
Want to talk about it?
It's nothing. and we've got work to do.
Well. it's obviously not nothing
because you've been jumpy all week.
Is that your ex or something?
We are not doing this.
and we are definitely not doing this here!
Well. you explain. right? Every
time he texts or calls. you freeze.
So you obviously don't want to see him.
Yet he's turning up here.
dropping off gifts for you.
- Is he a nutter?
- It's fine.
You need to do the
right thing and report him.
Leave it. Ben. I've got this. Trust me.
Yes. dr Taylor?
Yes?
Sir. They've identified the
splinters in Neil's head wound.
It's a hardwood. from a black walnut tree.
Black walnut.
Presumably. he wasn't
hit with the whole tree.
so we just have to find out what
did they make out of black walnut?
Show yourself. then.
You like it?
You big chicken.
You never said what
happened to your old one.
I honestly don't know. Lucas.
Of course you don't.
But take it from lessons
learned long ago...
Silence is the best friend
you never knew you had.
Right. so it's definitely not Neil's phone.
No. No.
So. network provider
reckons it's a burner
cos it's not registered anywhere.
But the weird thing is.
when they opened it up.
the only number they
found on it were Neil's.
So whoever owns this phone
has been calling Neil on it.
Yeah.
And according to his provider.
he's been calling them back.
But why would a phone
that don't belong to Neil
have his blood and fingerprints on it?
God knows.
Right. I need some fresh
air. my head's pounding.
Right.
- Mind if I run something by you?
- You're going to anyway. so...
Look. it's about Emma.
She... she stepped off a bus in a...
Right. Diane. Diane. my
head is banging. yeah?
We just... we need to
follow up on Lucas oxley.
find out who's been calling Neil.
let alone who hit him over the
head with a lump of... of walnut.
Which is what I am doing.
Look. Emma got off
the bus in a tiny village.
There were no cctv. no traffic cams.
nothing to record her movement.
But why did she get off the bus
when the bus was taking
her all the way to Birmingham?
That's what sarge said.
He said whoever
abducted her picked her up
from that point. didn't he?
What if Neil helped her escape?
What if he was waiting there
to take her somewhere safe?
Yeah. well. Neil had an alibi.
didn't he? He had some bloke.
He spent the whole day
with him in Birmingham.
We need to talk to his alibi.
Every path. Ben. We go
down every single one.
See? Now that's weird.
Why are you saying that?
Where have you got that from?
I don't know. I just heard
it somewhere. Why?
Nothing. It's just something
my dad used to say.
Come on. then. let's do it.
Right. let's see who gave Neil an alibi.
Ben. look at this.
- What?
- Look.
- Every damn path.
- Derek alton.
He told me he'd never met Neil before.
Hello. Derek.
We just have a few questions
to ask you. if you don't mind?
I'm sorry. You've reminded
me. I better put a sign up or...
That can wait. That can wait.
Why did you tell me you'd never met Neil
when he was in Birmingham before?
Because I didn't.
Only you did. because five years ago.
you gave Birmingham
police a statement saying
that you were with Neil the day
that Emma runshaw went missing.
Neil asked me to do it.
He said they'd believe a man of the cloth.
Ok. Ok. So where was he instead?
He just said he needed
an alibi. I didn't question it.
Right. So. you do know providing
a false alibi is a serious offence?
So. you just happily went
along and did it. though. right?
You must have known Neil pretty
well to do something like that for him.
Come on. Derek. you don't
just leave your old parish
and come to a run-down
village for nothing. do you?
Neil and I... We were in
a relationship at the time.
I... I thought he was
dating Emma back then.
It was a front.
They were best friends.
She helped him out. he helped her out.
So. did the runshaws
know about you and Neil?
They hated Neil.
And I may have well
defended him a bit too fervently.
The runshaws are adamant
that Neil's alibi was a lie.
I mean. did you end up telling
them what you did for him?
Two weeks ago. They pried it out of me.
They're nothing but horrible bullies.
I didn't have a choice.
What's that?
Ok. if the runshaws only found
out about Derek's fake alibi recently.
then that would explain
why they killed Neil now
and not five years ago.
Derek!
I thought I... I should try and tidy up a bit.
I pull... I pulled back the tarp
where Neil was clearing up and...
Ben. it's not in a coffin.
Male or female?
- That'll have to wait for now.
- That's a nice bracelet.
Can you at least tell us how
long it's been in the ground?
See my previous answer.
- Thanks.
- Thank you.
Is it her? Is it my Emma?
Is it her?! Is it our Emma?! Is it her?!
Sorry. We actually don't
know anything at this point.
Sorry. guys. Sorry.
- I know it's her!
- It's not Emma. love. It's not Emma.
It can't be. She's out there somewhere.
She's alive. I can feel it.
You can too. Tell me you can.
I don't understand.
Why would Neil cover up her body
when you could just call the
police like a normal person?
And instead. he tells Derek
he's gonna go see someone.
And ends up dead in a disused quarry.
I'm meant to be the one who
offers support. but look at me.
When did Neil start
clearing the graveyard?
Two days ago.
It had become overgrown.
Neil was helping tidy it up.
Did anyone voice concerns about that?
Not to me. they didn't.
He was doing a good thing.
I did think it was weird that he
just up and left before finishing.
Sorry.
I... I need to answer this.
I'll be back in a minute.
Go on. then.
- Go on. say it.
- Say what?
You think that's Emma's body
that Neil dug up. don't you?
And that her parents put her there. right?
Or at least the dad did.
Judging by the mum's reaction.
No. but he would have had to
have known about their escape plan.
Ok. let's just say he did.
And on the day she went to meet Neil.
well. he went after her.
pulled up and grabbed
her before Neil got there.
I mean. it would be the
perfect spot to go undetected
because Emma and Neil
had already made sure of it.
Ok. but if that was the case.
then Neil would have known
they'd taken her when he
got there cos she's not there.
so why not ring the police
then. report her missing?
You know. she's a young girl.
But. no. instead. he
moves back to withens.
doesn't point the finger of
suspicion at anyone in five years.
Nah. I'm not buying that.
It's sarge. They've
found Neil's car. Let's go.
It's near where the body were found.
- This is nice.
- Look at this handsome bastard.
Mwah!
He's a rams fan.
Any sign of Neil's phone. sarge?
- No. not a sniff.
- No.
Look. you're telling me he
bought all this from doing odd jobs?
Tell you something. I've seen this before.
He's report it stolen. I'm sure of it.
Lucas oxley? When did
he become a player in this?
The last known person to
see Neil good win alive. sir.
We believe that he was threatening Neil
over the sale of his house to firth water.
How come?
Well. firth water plan to flatten withens
and build a water refinery in its place.
The villagers are furious.
One of the villagers. Michael hebden.
who works for the water company.
he helped Neil sell his house in secret.
But if word gets out...
Yeah. we all know
what oxley's capable of.-.
- Anything else?
- The runshaws.
We believe they were abusing Emma.
It's just a theory for now.
but the number of hospital visits
she had seems to point to that.
No-one spotted that five years ago?
I just got lucky. sir.
So we think Neil actually helped
Emma escape their clutches.
they found out...
Which gives both the runshaws motive.
But have they got alibis?
Conveniently. they've
given each other an alibi. sir.
But how did they find out about Neil?
- I mean. was this recently?
- Yeah.
Derek alton. the vicar.
he told them that he'd
given Neil a false alibi.
Man of god lies to the police.
Well. he had to. sir. he was
in a relationship with Neil.
The things people do for love.
So. if I was a betting man...
Who would you tell
me to put my money on?
- Oxley.
- Runshaws.
Great is that it?
Well. judging by the
inside of Neil's car. sir.
he's definitely on the Rob.
- Well. the sarge is convinced anyway.
- Which brings in another factor.
We think Neil could
have had a falling out
with whoever he's dealing with.
And then we think it could
be that person's phone
that we found up at mam Tor.
Who throws away their own phone?
Yeah. we have that question also.
but we just can't seem to figure it out yet.
But. yeah. that's the picture as it stands.
- Here he is.
- I'm just gonna put this up there.
Remember my hunch
about this bad boy?
Turns out it was stolen. from
an address in withens. no less.
It was an heirloom. Where'd you find it?
We've reason to believe
Neil good win stole it.
Neil wasn't a thief. He was about
the only decent person around here.
Well. we found it in his car.
I can't believe that of him.
He put the security
grilles over the windows.
installed the front door -
damn thing weighs a tonne.
He did all that to protect me.
Protect you? You didn't
say you needed protecting.
Well. I would have
thought it was obvious.
I'm party to the death of
this crappy little village.
So. you were threatened as well?
They come every day.
The threats. do you keep them?
Because we would need to see them.
No. you misunderstand me.
They come in person.
What the hell?!
I told you - every day. without fail.
The border rats.
- Can you see what they're holding?
- Yeah. it's black walnut.
- Oxley makes them.
- I'm gonna have a word with them.
No! They'll go away in a bit.
It's best to wait them out.
Yeah. I can't do that.
No. please. They can't get in.
We're safe in here. Neil saw to that.
We're the police. we'll
be fine. Leave it to us.
Excuse me. Police.
Do you want to take off your mask?
We need to ask you some questions.
Take off your mask.
and take a step back.
- Get back!
- We're not gonna say it again.
Get back. I said get back!
Leave me alone! You hear me?!
Keep firth water out of withens. hebden!
- Leave me alone!
- Mr hebden. put the gun down.
- I'm warning you.
- Michael. we're the police. remember?
- We're here to help.
- I said leave me alone.
We're here to find out what
happened to Neil. mr hebden.
Put the gun down. mr hebden.
There we are.
Right. we need to check if hebden
has a licence for that shotgun.
Although. I don't think he's in
any fit mental state to own one.
but you never know.
And we need to find out
who's behind the border rats.
because any one of them
could have been threatening Neil.
But we can't even unmask
them without a warrant.
There's me thinking Leeds were bad.
Right. come on. you
need to tell me about this.
because whatever happened
in Leeds has followed you here.
- And don't tell me it's nothing.
- It is nothing.
You don't drive the whole way to
edendale to deliver a Teddy bear.
That's mad.
When I broke up with
him. he couldn't accept it.
to the point where I had to move here.
And now the problem
is. he still won't accept it.
Does this guy have a name?
It's David. David Branagh.
Right. And is David married?
I'm taking that as a yes.
Look. I promise. I-I
didn't know. I didn't know.
And as soon as I found out that
he had a wife and kids. I ended it.
If you want my advice.
I'd be picking up the phone.
and I'd be putting him
on stalking charges.
- Ben. it's not that easy.
- Why? Tell me.
Well. can I at least
see a photo of this guy?
There.
Relax. It's the boss.
Hello?
Yeah?
- You wanted to see us. sir?
- Yeah. Take a seat.
We've just had the report on
the body in withens graveyard.
Is it Emma runshaw's?
No. Turns out it's Lily oxley.
Lucas oxley's daughter-in-law.
She's been lying in
that graveyard for years.
from around about the time that
she supposedly moved to wales.
So dad was right.
something did happen to her.
Well. if she turned her husband in.
Lucas oxley could have found
out and. well. turned on her.
Maybe Neil recognised
her initials from the bracelet.
That could be what he wanted to
talk to oxley about outside the pub.
Dr Taylor mentions that
Lily was bludgeoned to death
and that there are particles
of black walnut in the wound.
So it has all the similarities
of Neil goodwin's murder.
Lucas oxley.
I thought I smelled
something when I met you.
You're Joe Cooper's son.
Couldn't place you at first. but there's a...
A stink of your dad about you.
Well. just so you know. Lucas.
we've ID'd the person
found at the church.
It was your daughter-in-law Lily.
- Can't be. She went travelling.
- Packed a bag and took off.
No. it's her. Lucas. make no mistake.
Neil found her when he was clearing up.
She'd been buried there for years.
I suppose it saves on her funeral. then.
What with her having
been buried already.
You can pop her back
in when you're done.
We heard there were
animosity between you and Neil.
Neil had some things he needed selling.
There was no animosity.
Why would I hurt Neil?
I had nothing against him.
Where were you the day
that Neil were murdered?
I was in the pub till
closing time. Rehearsing.
Yeah? Rehearsing what?
You ought to come down
next time and see for yourself.
Ok. Can anyone confirm that you
were in the pub that whole time?
Ask the vicar. He'll tell you.
So Derek alton's a border rat. too?
Of course he is.
Dancing and chanting to a higher being...
Busman's holiday for him.
But he knows as well as anyone.
you have to rehearse till you're perfect.
or else the spirits won't come.
What do you mean by that. Lucas?
We're in a fight for our lives. sweetheart.
and we're summoning help.
And Mark my words. they'll come.
And their hunger and rage will follow...
Across this village. and
the rats'll come out to feast.
We are withens through and through.
We know what it means
to be from a place like this.
Those like firth water. they
try to pick on the little guy.
Well. they don't understand
what we've been through.
They don't understand
the way of the border rats.
Decades have gone by since
our ancestors lost their lives...
All for some useless quarry.
Those men fought till the very end.
And we will do. too.
We honour them each and every day.
But now more than ever.
Firth water are closing in.
This war we've been ready for
is coming straight to our front doors.
And this. this is our time now.
This is our time for revenge.
For the border rats to rise
up and take back what is ours.
Hal Wes thu. folde. fira modor!
Hal Wes thu. folde...
Firstly. it is wonderful
to see so many here.
especially in light of recent events.
Anyway. we are here for Emma.
Not just to remember. but to reclaim her.
As in. bring her back to withens...
Through her art and all
these wonderful photographs.
Sarah and Howard know that this village
is where she truly belongs.
Thank you.
- Can I help?
- Lucas oxley needs an alibi.
And you've been happy
to give 'em in the past. so...
Do you wanna talk about
this somewhere safer?
I wasn't in the pub that night.
I don't know why Lucas would say that.
So. where were you. then?
At the church. Was sorting a few things.
Can anyone verify that?
No?
You know. I gotta say.
I find it strange that
you moved down here
five years after Neil
ended the relationship.
That was pure coincidence.
You still had feelings for him. didn't you?
Even after all these years.
you couldn't get him out of your head.
No. that's not true.
When did you find out Neil had sold up?
He told me last week.
How did you take it?
I told him I was happy for him.
Even though you'd moved your
entire life down here just to be with him.
You said you were happy with it?
Well. we'd figured things out recently.
and we agreed to be friends.
Did you tell anyone
he was moving away?
Why would I do that?
You're a border rat. You would
have known what that sale meant.
I only became a border
rat to be closer to Neil.
I swear. I... I kept it to myself.
I-I knew people would be angry.
but I'd never put Neil in danger.
No. but that's exactly what you
did when you told the runshaws
about your fake alibi. isn't it?
Wasn't it?
Talk us through your movements
the night Neil died. please.
I went to his house.
He wasn't in. so I went looking for him.
and I ended up back at the church.
And then what?
When I went into my office...
I saw that someone
had been in my cupboard.
The door was swinging open.
What did you keep in there?
My border rat costume.
And my staff had been stolen.
Lucas. we weren't
sure you'd still be here.
Villagers only. No blow-ins wanted.
That's not very nice. Lucas.
You've got the same
smug face as your dad.
And look what happened to him.
Derek wasn't at the pub.
Lucas. You lied to us.
So who do you wanna
get now? Do you wanna...
Point out one of your friends
who can come along
with us to the station.
and we'll find they're lying an' all?
Howard.
Come here a sec.
Yes. Lucas.
Tell this pilgrim where I was
the night Neil got himself killed.
- I'd have to have a think.
- I said tell him.
He was rehearsing all night in the pub.
And you'd know this... how?
Because. er... I-I was
rehearsing with him.
No-one went home till closing.
Your dad's probably looking
down on you right now. thinking.
"look at that."
"My idiot son has
inherited my idiot genes."
Leave it. Ben.
Yeah. Leave it. Ben.
Arrogant bastard.
Look. if that's the case.
then Howard's alibi for Lucas
means that Sarah was on her
own the night that Neil was killed.
Howard is scared stiff of Lucas.
He'll say anything to keep him sweet.
One of them's lying.
And if Sarah made Howard
give her an alibi. then...
Surely that's the act of a
person with summat to hide.
Yeah. but we know
Lucas made the staffs.
so all we have to do is
find the staff that killed Neil.
and we've got him. Nothing else matters.
No. I need to speak with Sarah.
Ok.
Mrs runshaw. it wasn't
Emma's body that was dug up.
It was Lily oxley.
S-So Howard's right.
Emma's still out there.
Mrs runshaw...
According to Lucas oxley...
Howard was with him
when Neil was killed.
Which isn't what you told us. So...
Do you wanna tell me why you lied?
I mean... We could take
this to the police station.
It seems to me you're not quite
as clever as Howard thought.
What do you mean by that?
So what if Howard
wasn't at home with me?
Doesn't mean I wasn't there.
What I mean is. innocent
people wouldn't lie.
I was waiting in all evening.
Just like I do every night.
Just in case Emma finds her way home.
Mrs runshaw. I'm here to talk about Neil.
We're tied together.
mother and daughter.
in darkness and in light.
Emma knows that better than anyone.
Yeah. Emma definitely
knows about darkness.
You've not got kids. have you?
Sometimes. a mother...
Has to do things that hurt
both themselves and their child.
It's just the cross a parent has to bear.
You're not just a nurturer.
you're a teacher too.
And some lessons take
a little bit longer to sink in.
But I can assure you
that everything was done
with love and care at the heart of it.
I found the staff on
Lucas oxley's property.
Looks like he was planning to burn it all.
Hopefully. forensics will
prove it was used to kill Neil.
This is the Bible he
used to send the threats?
It's gotta be.
Do you think we can get
him on Lily's murder as well?
He definitely has motive.
Forensics are checking
out her bracelet for prints.
Be a great result. if we could.
You don't look convinced. Diane?
Lucas oxley has an
alibi for Neil's murder.
It just feels too easy.
Guys. evidence management just called.
It's about the burner
they found in mam Tor.
Let's save ourselves the hassle
and just call this person back.
No. cos that's tampering
with evidence. sarge.
So what are we gonna do?
Just stand around staring at it?
What good is that gonna do?
Caller ID is Neil.
I'll get Tracy to get a cell site location.
Come on. even if she does.
who's to say the caller's
gonna stay around?
Why did you have to say that. sarge?
Give it here.
I'm not taking the rap for this.
Come on.
Neil? Hold on. I thought
this wasn't Neil's phone.
The blue kettle. That's a cafe. not far.
- I know where it is. Come on.
- I'll come with you.
Relax. You look like a cop on an obs.
Maybe they saw us.
No way... That's Emma runshaw.
Emma... I-I'm afraid Neil's not coming.
I don't understand.
Where is he? Who are you?
I'm detective constable Cooper.
This is detective constable fry.
Look. maybe we should
sit down and have a chat.
Why? What is this?
I think it's best you take a seat. Emma.
Where's Neil?
I'm afraid...
I'm afraid Neil was killed a few days ago.
What?!
Emma. I understand
that this is shocking...
But we need to ask you a few questions.
Do you want a drink? A
tea or water before we start?
What happened to him?
Well. that's why we're here.
We're trying to find that out.
We appreciate that this is hard...
But we need your help. Emma.
Do you think you can do that?
We'll start with Neil.
We're aware that he helped
you get away from your parents.
He saved my life.
Not sure how long I would
have lasted in that house.
I saw the "brave girl"
stickers. so I understand.
It's my mum who's the terrifying one.
I bet she told you that she
almost died giving birth to me.
She mentioned it.
Told me the same
thing every day of my life.
Like it was my fault.
"You nearly killed me."
Over and over. she'd say it.
But sometimes. words weren't enough.
She nearly knocked me
into next week. some days.
The next thing I know. I'm
lying there with a broken arm
or a fractured jaw.
I'm so sorry this
happened to you. Emma.
Why didn't your dad step in?
The amount of times I begged him to.
Scream myself hoarse.
and he just... stood there.
He did nothing except buy
me a stupid doll afterwards.
Did anybody know?
Did the services step in?
It started when I was. like. two years old.
And if you grow up not
trusting your own parents.
then what's gonna make you
think you can trust any other adult?
But you did trust Neil.
I hadn't saved any money.
I didn't know where to go.
And then he came up
with this plan. and it worked.
Up until two weeks ago.
I was living in Birmingham.
I was shutting up shop - I work in a cafe.
And as I was turning the "closed"
sign around. I... I saw them.
My parents.
They tried the door.
Thank god they didn't
see me - I was in shadow.
But a few seconds earlier.
and they'd have walked in.
It was completely by chance.
but it was too close for comfort.
So Neil came up with another plan?
He told me to ditch
everything. My phone. my flat.
He told me to hide out until he
could get some cash together.
But not by selling his house?
It would have took months
for the cash to come through.
Of course not. And that
wasn't happening any more.
He changed his mind.
He'd sold up. Emma.
The last time I saw him.
he told me he was gonna talk to
someone down at the water company
to call off the sale.
What? Wait...
Did Neil tell you why he
wasn't selling up any more?
Him and the vicar had come
to some sort of agreement.
It got to the point that
Derek was doing Neil's nut in.
was driving him away.
But they figured it out. and Neil
didn't need to move away any more.
So how was he gonna
get money for you?
Well... by selling the stuff
he'd. you know. stolen.
As soon as he agreed
a deal with Lucas oxley.
he was gonna call me on
the new phone he gave me.
Told me to get ready to leave.
Do you know who Neil was
meeting up at the quarry?
I didn't know he was
meeting anyone. I really didn't.
Ok. Ok. And last question. I promise.
How come you and Neil
had swapped phones?
It was an accident.
He was in a hurry. and he
picked up mine by mistake.
We're gonna need to
see that phone. Emma.
What happens now?
You can't bring me into this.
You're part of a murder inquiry. Emma.
You can't let my parents
know you found me.
Not if Neil's not here to help me.
Please don't tell them.
Right. as soon as we
get this phone open.
the sooner we can find out
who Neil was meeting up with.
School pick-up time. We're
gonna be stuck in traffic now.
Come on. you must
know some shortcuts.
Ben...
- What?
- We're in hope valley.
And?
When we met hebden at the quarry.
he said he was taking
a shortcut from work.
Firth water's offices.
they're in hope valley.
Remember the map?
Come on.
Driving through the quarry
takes him in the opposite direction.
What are you talking about?
Just drive. and I'll explain. Drive!
Mr hebden. we need a word.
Michael. we need a word.
Michael.
Check the window.
No. I'll go around back.
He's running!
- Mr hebden.
- Michael!
Mr hebden. Stop!
You're under arrest.
Turn round. Turn round.
You're coming with me.
We were in hope valley earlier.
Tell us about the
shortcut through the quarry
you take from work. please.
Er... yeah.
It saved me a few
times. Why do you ask?
It. er. turns out it in't actually a shortcut.
It takes you in the
opposite direction. you see.
Why lie to us. mr hebden?
You see. we have Neil's phone.
And I think we'll find messages
on there between you and him
arranging to meet up at the quarry
on the night he was murdered.
I didn't meet with Neil. I swear.
When did you find out he'd
decided to stay at withens?
He wasn't. He was selling up.
We think he rang you.
and he wanted to meet up.
And he was gonna tell
you he'd changed his mind.
And you saw your plans falling to pieces.
Cos if Neil didn't sell. then
no-one else would follow suit.
And firth water would start
having to look at other sites.
and you'd be stuck in withens forever.
So you agreed to meeting him.
- I certainly did not.
- Come on. Michael.
- It'll all be on the phone.
- Look. stop this. please.
I know you don't have it.
You're bluffing. I can tell.
You thought you threw Neil's phone
away when you killed him. right?
But that was actually
Emma runshaw's phone.
cos Neil took hers by mistake.
So she had his.
And. er... well. now we have it.
This is ridiculous.
Emma runshaw disappeared years ago.
Well. we had a conversation
with her this afternoon. Michael.
We can keep this up all day if you want.
Shall we jog your memory? Ok.
So. Neil tells you he isn't selling.
You've got border rats
hounding you day and night.
Lucas oxley is one of those rats.
and he's a man who can do a
lot more than just threaten you.
So you panic. and you
realise you need to get Neil
to change his mind.
no matter what it takes.
Yeah. and you've got these
thoughts going around your mind.
And then you see reverend alton.
and you know where he keeps his staff.
And you take it. Michael.
Then you arrange to
meet Neil at the quarry.
and when you see him...
What went wrong?
Neil was sorry. He really was.
But he felt bad selling up.
It was his family home.
It was where all his
memories of his parents were.
He just couldn't do it.
And then?
Michael.
He was such a nice person.
Unusually kind.
I suppose I thought he'd come
round to my way of thinking.
But he didn't.
And suddenly. I was...
I was swinging that staff...
As hard as I could.
Why did you take the
staff away with you?
Was it to try and frame Lucas oxley?
I knew there'd be an investigation. and...
I knew his name would come up.
so I dumped it in that
stupid bonfire of his.
And god knows I gave you enough hints
to go and look for the bloody thing.
Why did you drive up to
the quarry the next morning?
I thought I might have
left some evidence.
I was going to look around.
I had already panicked
and thrown away the phone.
But do you know what?
Whatever I did. this is on them as well.
The village...
The border rats.
They drove me crazy. I just
couldn't think straight any more.
The rats aren't coming. Lucas.
Move on. This is private property.
You murdered Lily and buried
her in the church grounds.
And if it weren't for Neil
accidentally digging her up...
You would have got away with it.
Lucas oxley. I am arresting
you on suspicion of the murder
of Lily oxley.
You do not have to say anything.
but it may harm your defence if
you do not mention when questioned
something which you
later rely on in court.
Anything you do say
may be given in evidence.
You don't know what you've done.
Your prints were on Lily's
bracelet. Lucas. It's over.
Look...
I dropped by cos I wanted
to tell you the news in person.
You found Emma?
It's more that we're
closing the file on Emma.
Wh...? You can't do that.
We need her back.
She-she belongs with us.
Yeah. she won't be coming back.
Why would you say that?
I found evidence that Emma ran away.
She had the help in the shape of Neil.
She's alive?
So he took her?!
What Neil did. mr runshaw.
was an act of kindness.
He was a good person.
He just wanted to try and help people.
What the hell are you talking about?
If she chooses to live a life away
from you. then that is up to her.
That's our baby girl.
What she is. mr runshaw. is an adult.
And if she wants to be
free from both of you.
then you have to learn to respect that.
- Well deserved.
- Here we go.
- Cheers.
That's good.
How were the runshaws?
Mental.
And. yeah. angry.
But I officially closed the case on Emma.
Just in time to open a new
one against your ex. yeah?
Listen. I know you don't wanna hear it.
but it's the best thing to
do. get him on stalking.
Let me just do it my way first. yeah?
I wanna... I wanna wait him out.
Derek alton took five
years to come to his senses.
Look. I thought we were
supposed to be celebrating?
You got Lucas oxley.
You'd have made your dad proud.
Yeah. Did summat right.
You've done loads of things right.
Ben... if you wanna.
I don't know. bounce around
new ideas about your dad's case.
No. No. No point. It's a dead end.
Are you sure?
Yeah. Yeah...
I'm... just go.
Yeah.
I can tell that you've had
some upheaval in your life.
something recent. and you may
have to overcome some hurdle.
but after that. things
will definitely change.
Now. most people get spooked
when they see this card. but don't worry.
It can mean the death
of something negative
or the end of a long and arduous road.
But whatever it is...
I think you have much to
anticipate. even to look forward to.
I'll take that.
Are you new to edendale
or just passing through?
We're passing through.
But you know what?
I think I might hang around for a bit.
No warrant.
No rights.
There's not much I haven't seen.
- Even murder?
- Death is death.
Two women were
attacked in the same area
within a few weeks of each other.
What's the connection?
It's time you come
home. don't you think?
Get out of here now!
Should've listened to her.
Should've listened. but I didn't.
And it's too late.
In the case of the
murder of Joe Cooper...
Do you admit to perverting
the course of justice?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm